Add documentation new feature: SampleRejectedStatus [14826] (#372)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/core/status/status.rst

  Handle to the last instance whose sample was rejected.
  If no sample was ever rejected, it will have value ``c_InstanceHandle_Unknown``.

.. _dds_layer_core_status_sampleRejectedStatusKind:

SampleRejectedStatusKind
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In Fast DDS, samples can be rejected due to resource limit reasons.
However, the fact that the samples are rejected does not imply that they are lost, i.e. a rejected sample may be
accepted in the future.

|SampleRejectedStatusKind-api| specifies the reason of the rejection:

> * |NOT_REJECTED| specifies the samples were not rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |NOT_REJECTED| specifies that the samples were not rejected.
```

> * |REJECTED_BY_SAMPLES_LIMIT| specifies the samples were rejected because there is no enough resources to stored them
>   and the system should guarantee the free resources are available for other samples.
>   This situation occurs at lower RTPS communication layer and it happens when there are still samples with lower
>   sequence number without being received and there is no enough resources for all of them because |max_samples-api| was
>   reached.

Reviewer: Careful with line lengths
```suggestion
* |REJECTED_BY_SAMPLES_LIMIT| specifies that the samples were rejected because there were not enough resources to stored them.
  This can happen even when there are free resources if those resource must be guaranteed to be available for other samples.
  This situation, which arises in the RTPS layer, occurs when there are yet to be received samples with lower
  sequence number and there is not enough resources for all of them (because |max_samples-api| has been
  reached).
```

Author: Please, change this: `if those resource` -> `if those resources`

Reviewer: > Please, change this: `if those resource` -> `if those resources`

done

> * |REJECTED_BY_INSTANCES_LIMIT| specifies the samples were rejected because there is no enough resources to allocate
>   their instances.
>   This situation occurs at DDS layer, in the DataReader's history, when it should reserve resources for new
>   instances but the history's resources reach |max_instances-api|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |REJECTED_BY_INSTANCES_LIMIT| specifies that the samples were rejected because there were not enough resources to allocate
  the samples' instances.
  This situation, which arises in the DDS layer, more precisely in the in the :class:`DataReader`'s history, 
 occurs when the sample corresponds to a new instance for which the middleware should reserve resources but the history's number of instances has already reached |max_instances-api|.
```

> * |REJECTED_BY_SAMPLES_PER_INSTANCE_LIMIT| specifies the samples were rejected because there is no enough resources in
>   their instance to stored them.
>   This situation occurs at DDS layer, in the DataReader's history, when it is configured with |KEEP_ALL_HISTORY_QOS-api|
>   and the instance's resources reach |max_samples_per_instance-api|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |REJECTED_BY_SAMPLES_PER_INSTANCE_LIMIT| specifies that the samples were rejected because there were not enough resources within
  their instance to stored them.
  This situation, which arises in the DDS layer, more precisely in the :class:`DataReader`'s history, occurs when the :class:`DataReader` is configured with |KEEP_ALL_HISTORY_QOS-api|
  and the instance's number of samples has reached |max_samples_per_instance-api|.
```
